Fix typos, grammar, and spacing issues (#45)
helpshift/helpshift-docs: docs/sdkx_android/troubleshooting.mdx

> - We will post a notification in the notification bar of the device when following conditions are met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We will post a notification in the notification bar of the device when the following conditions are met.
```

  1.  The application is built in debug mode.
  2.  The `enableLogging` flag is set to `true`. Refer [here](/sdkx_android/sdk-configuration#enable-logging) for the configuration.

> - The title of the notification is `Helpshift Debugger`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The title of the notification is `Helpshift Debugger`.
```

> - The SDK will post this notification as soon as the SDK is initialized. Refer [here](/sdkx_android/getting-started#initializing) for initialization steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK will post this notification as soon as it is initialized. Refer [here](/sdkx_android/getting-started#initializing) for initialization steps.
```

- Reproduce the issue you are facing with the SDK.

> - On clicking this notification, we open an app chooser menu to share logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On clicking this notification, we open an app chooser menu to share the logs.
```

> Helpshift SDK X uses legacy android support libraries. If you want to use AndroidX libraries in your application, please follow these steps to make Helpshift SDK compatible with AndroidX:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helpshift SDK X uses legacy Android support libraries. If you want to use AndroidX libraries in your application, please follow these steps to make Helpshift SDK compatible with AndroidX:
```

> 1. Set targetSdkVersion of your project to >= 28

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set targetSdkVersion of your project to >= 28.
```

> If your app has targeted Android 13 (API Level 33), then this might be a probable cause of notifications not working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your app has targeted Android 13 (API Level 33), then this might be a cause for notifications to not work.
```

If you want your app to be able to post notifications then you need to ask for the Notification permissions. Refer to the [Android documentation](https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/notifications/notification-permission) for further reference.

> Helpshift SDK will not be asking for notification permissions and depends on the application for the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helpshift SDK will not be asking for notification permissions. It depends on the application for it.
```
